what's going on guys welcome to today's
episode today on this horrible horrible
rainy day we're going over to sauna to
check out there footlong chili cheese
dogs
oh yeah Matt please have a number seven
yeah I may please have both um tater
tots please mister paper dr. pepper ah
no thanks that'll be it
thank you all right guys so sonic
doesn't have a roof over their
drive-thru so it's raining all over me
you gotta fix that guys really awesome
thank you very much I'll check it out
you too
I'm sorry I'm coming back here Halloween
all right time to eat all righty
here we have
the hot dog
we have our lovely bag
of thoughts we have a nother
solicitation for their 50-cent Halloween
corndogs the woman at the drive-through
also told me that and there sends
everywhere so they're definitely pretty
adamant about that we have some napkins
we have the ranch that I asked for it
thank you for remembering and we have
some salt we have a sonic mint and a
packet of ketchup I like how they put
this in every bag makes me feel special
all right we also have our drink and
their receipts everything came to about
6 bucks a pretty good deal if I do say
so myself so let's get into it again
let's get the ranch going
or let's take a look at this hot dog
shall we look at that they shoved any
pork in their folder
thank you now I did ask for the mustard
and the onions so we have we have the
hot dog
you have chili cheese onions and mustard
there we go a beautiful shot of that
already not quite sure how I'm gonna eat
this if I pick up the whole thing I feel
like it'll blow over but let's give it a
try go for the two hands
all right
it's very good
the bun is very soft for being in that
little enclosed space with the heat the
hot dog is as tender flavorful the
cheese sauce is great the chili is
excellent
and the onions in the mustard
definitely put it over the top as far as
flavor goes very very good
score
yeah very very good I would probably
rate this a nine point five nine out of
ten very model with moderately priced
and you get a whole lot of food so I
would definitely recommend it thanks for
checking out this video guys I hope you
enjoyed it remember guys this is a very
new channel you know don't be don't be
too hard on me you know please give me a
subscribe I've greatly appreciate it and
now you know leave some feedback let me
know how I can improve thanks guys have
a great day